---
status:
  - 실증사업 참고논문
tags:
  - 실증사업/참고논문
---


[# The digital twin for CNC training]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LtTAFejSVw

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8iGMZQTIys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WnuiRLPtIR0

https://kjdjigpg.gensparkspace.com/

[[Unity3D 기반 공작기계 가공 시스템의 설계 및 구현]]

[[Design of a Virtual CNC Mill by Unity Software.pdf]]

[[Development of Online Teaching Tools for Engineering.pdf]]

[[Development of Online Teaching Tools for Engineering(한국어 버전)#^f18cb0|FBX형식]]

[[항공기 동체 조립을 위한 모니터링 시스템 개발.pdf]]

[[04. 유니티를 이용한 산업용 6축로봇 동작 시뮬레이션 및 모니터링 기초 연구.pdf]]



<font color="#ff0000">***</font> [[Virtual_Manufacturing_for_Training_and_Education.pdf]]

[[Design of a Virtual CNC Mill by Unity Software.pdf#page=2&annotation=97R|mixed realit]]

[[Design of a Virtual CNC Mill by Unity Software.pdf#page=2&annotation=105R|Chandramouli and Jin et al. introduced [1] the design and development process of VR education tool to simulate different additive manufacturing machines, and a CNC machine to allow the students experience the materials and equipment needed to create the same part using different]]

[[Design of a Virtual CNC Mill by Unity Software.pdf#page=3&annotation=108R|El-Mounayri and Aw et al. [2] had developed a virtual manufacturing laboratory of CNC milling. The laboratory environment provided the students: (a) access to a fully-functional virtual CNC milling machine, (b) training on the key operations of the CNC machine, (c) a lecture describing the components of the milling machine, and (d) a lecture describing the concepts of CNC milling. This virtual CNC machine was enabled by three software modules: (1) a CNC Milling machine simulator, (2) a virtual-environment display engine, and (3) an intelligent-agent engine. The three modules was running on a single computer in a seamless web-based framework, which allowed students to access and run the virtual CNC machining center on the web. The CNC Milling machine simulator simulated the machine physical components including the spindle, stages, manual controller interface, and controller software. It also simulated the cutting process including cutting tool motion, workpiece geometry during cutting, cutting forces, machining sounds, and chip-formation]]

[[Design of a Virtual CNC Mill by Unity Software.pdf#page=4&annotation=111R|Figure 1. Development Flow for the Virtual CNC Machine]]

[[Design of a Virtual CNC Mill by Unity Software.pdf#page=4&annotation=120R|3.1 Creation of 3D Models]]

[[Design of a Virtual CNC Mill by Unity Software.pdf#page=4&annotation=114R|Haas miniMill. However, to be able to display and]]

[[Design of a Virtual CNC Mill by Unity Software.pdf#page=4&annotation=117R|3.2 User Interface]]

[[Design of a Virtual CNC Mill by Unity Software.pdf#page=5&annotation=126R|. From here, it prompts users to enter the size they desire for the mesh to generate. Then once that is finished, it prompts the user to place the mesh in a desired location of x and]]

[[Design of a Virtual CNC Mill by Unity Software.pdf#page=5&annotation=123R|3.3 G-code Implementation]]

[[Design of a Virtual CNC Mill by Unity Software.pdf#page=6&annotation=129R|Naturally, the code for each must be different. G01 makes use of the “Lerp” function provided by Unity’s API [4].]]

[[Design of a Virtual CNC Mill by Unity Software.pdf#page=6&annotation=132R|3.4 Mesh Cutting and Optimization]]

[[Design of a Virtual CNC Mill by Unity Software.pdf#page=7&annotation=138R|In order to achieve a more realistic cutting with a smooth edge as shown in Figure 4, a retopologizing script was implemented. the “Clipper” library was used for cutting path optimization.]]

[[Design of a Virtual CNC Mill by Unity Software.pdf#page=7&annotation=135R|“Clipper” library]]
